






























































































































						
 
 
-afabbaeddel, Tumblr
Afghanistan
-Akane, Zero Time Dilemna
Albania
-Aldia, Dark Souls 2
Algeria
All knowledge is based on that which we cannot prove. Will you fight? Or will you perish like a dog?
A loose cannon eventually points your way.
Always remember that the crowd that applauds your coronation is the same crowd that will applaud your beheading. People like a show.
-anarchetypal’s cousin, Tumblr
Andorra
Angola
-anneuhken’s kid, Tumblr
-anneuhken’s kid, Tumblr
-Anon, 1d4Chan
Antigua & Deps
-Aplpaca, Tumblr
Argentina
-Arin Hanson, Game Grumps (Sonic 06 Part 20)
Armenia
- Arthur Morgan, RDR2
As long as we get paid or you get shot I’m happy.
Australia
Austria
Authority should derive from the consent of the governed, not from the threat of force.
A world without forgiveness is a world without compromise and a world without compromises is a world without life, for even a simple-minded beast may forgive its transgressors to share a watering hole in the middle of a drought.
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
-Barbie, Toy Story 3
-bbsailorbitch, Twitter
- bdigfreakingwooper, Tumblr
Before there was time, before there was anything, there was nothing. And before there was nothing, there were monsters.
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
-Beverly Toegold, Not Another DnD Podcast
Bhutan
-Biggest-Gaudiest-Patronuses, Tumblr
-Bojack Horseman, Bojack Horseman (That’s Too Much, Man)
Bolivia
Bosnia Herzegovina
Botswana
Brasil
Brazil
-Brennan Lee Mulligan, Collegehumor (Tide CEO: Soap Isn’t Medicine)
-Brian David Gilbert, Bowser’s Military Hierarchy Unraveled
-Brian David Gilbert, Bowser’s Military Hierarchy Unraveled
Brunei
Bulgaria
-Burgerpants, Undertale
Burkina
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
-Candace, Phineas & Ferb (The Belly of the Beast/Moon Farm)
Can you feel your heart burning? Can you feel the struggle within? The fear within me is beyond anything your soul can make. You cannot kill me in a way that matters.
Cape Verde
-Cat, lucentgallivanter’s Tumblr post
Central African Rep
Chad
Chile
China
-Christopher Robin, Winnie The Pooh
-Clint McElroy, TAZ: Balance
Colombia
Comoros
Confidence! A fool’s substitute for intelligence!
Congo
Congo {Democratic Rep}
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
-curseworm, Tumblr
Cyprus
Czech Republic
-Danny Sexbang/Avidan, Game Grumps
-David Brian Gilbert, Unraveled: Every Sonic game is blasphemous
-David Xanatos, Gargoyles
-Death, Epic Rap Battles Of History (Ebenezer Scrooge vs. Donald Trump)
Decay exists as an extant form of life.
Denmark
-Diane Nyugen, Bojack Horseman (Nice While It Lasted)
Djibouti
Do I drag my carcass to the mountaintop once more? Just to scream a warning that will go unheeded and unheard? Or do I end it?
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Don’t ask questions you aren’t prepared to handle the answers to.
Do you think God lives in heaven because he, too, fears what he has created?
-dragon-in-a-fez’s friend’s four-year-old son
-@dril, Twitter
-Dr. Ivo Robotnik, Sonic the Hedgehog (2020)
-Dr. Romero, Spy Kids 2
Dude, sucking at something is the first step towards being sort of good at something.
-DWK, Totally Legit Recap
-DWK, Totally Legit Recap
East Timor
Ecuador
-Eddie and Tim, 17776
Egypt
Either Sonic is a God, or could kill God, and I do not care if there is a difference.
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Even fate picks its favourites.
Everybody needs their own messiah, but at some point he's getting nailed up, and how you deal with that is a measure of your maturity.
Every human has regrets, has things they'd like to go back and change. But I don't! 'cause I'm a bear.
Everything happens so much.
Everything not saved will be lost.
-Fencer-X, Tumblr
Fiji
Finland
Flowers wither away. Jewelry are simply stones, decorated with fake beauty. I can give you something pure. Honest and undying love.
For strange eons had come to pass, and death itself had indeed finally died, and that which the long dead would have called the real was strange, and the living lived only because of the benevolent grace of an eternal lie.
-Fourth Doctor, Doctor Who (Robot)
France
-Frederick, Fire Emblem: Awakening
From one maker of music to another, across all worlds, all times, no matter what you do or what you become: You are nothing less than beautiful.
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
-glicoloidpocky, Tumblr
-God, alexaloraetheirs’s Tumblr Post
God has cursed me for my hubris and my work is never finished.
God may judge you, but his sins outnumber your own.
-Gravemind, Halo 2
Greece
Grenada
-Grey Wing, Warriors: The First Battle
-Griffon McElroy, The Adventure Zone (Ep. 66: The Stolen Century)
-grimreaperblog, Tumblr
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
He didn't have a word for "home," but he knew it was something to be defended.
He has already begun painting the picture, now we must decide to finish it.
Here’s a penny for your thoughts, and a quarter to not tell me them.
Honduras
-Hornet, Hollow Knight
-@Horse_ebooks, Twitter
Hungary
I am about to take my last voyage, a great leap into the dark.
I am a monument to all your sins.
I am tired of life and its obscure sufferings.
I came out here, to this point, to this place, hoping against all hope and despite signs and portends suggesting otherwise that I might, somehow, find myself having a pleasant experience, and yet here I stand, alone against the world, feeling bombarded and assaulted on all fronts, knowing not my enemy's name, nor his face, nor whether our battle is done.
I cannot hold back the tide of your bad decisions.
I can’t go to Hell. I’m all out of vacation days.
Iceland
I commend my soul to any god that can find it.
I don’t even know who we murdered but I’m having a good time.
If all I care about in life is the imprints I make in this world, then the most I’ll ever leave is a grave.
If courage isn’t the absence of fear but doing the right thing regardless of it, maybe confidence isn’t the absence of insecurity but knowing you have real worth despite it.
If God wanted you to live, he would not have created me.
I forgive but I will never, ever forget. Don’t mistake my kindness for gullibility.
If there can be no victory, then I will fight forever.
If the world chooses to become my enemy, I will fight just like I always have.
If we want the rewards of being loved we have to submit to the mortifying ordeal of being known.
If you feel like the dumbest person in the room, then you are in the right room.
I hear your questions constantly. They come to me in my dreams like a prophet receiving visions from an angry god.
“...I know exactly what you mean.”
I’ll do whatever you want.
I’m just a program designed to make ha-ha. A file named Laugh Man.
India
Indonesia
I picked a whole fuckin’ bouquet of whoopsie-daisies.
I pity the fool that lives like you.
Iran
Iraq
Ireland {Republic}
I see now that the circumstances of one’s birth are irrelevant; it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are.
Israel
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.
Italy
It's always important to remember that every day can be beautiful if you want it to be. Every day starts in the dark...and ends in the dark...but in the middle, there is light.
I’ve got a date with destiny and it ain’t gonna end with a kiss.
I’ve heard it said that we only gain wisdom through suffering. And tonight I intend to make you very wise.
“I've thought about that. All of us have. There's a lot less people who go to church than there used to be, because that's what a lot of people think. But I don't think so. But I think about it. And I think, well, I can't be. Because I'm like you, I kinda look at the big long life ahead of me that stretches out forever and disappears. And I get scared. And I think, ‘This can't be Heaven if I'm getting scared, right?’ And then I think, ‘maybe I am in Heaven, and Heaven is scary.’”
Ivory Coast
I wanted rain and I thought the best way to do that was to make god cry.
I will face God and walk backwards into hell.
I will seize destiny by the throat and force it into the shape of my choosing.
-Jake the Dog, Adventure Time (His Hero)
Jamaica
Japan
-Javik, Mass Effect
-Jennifer Diane Reitz, Friendship is Optimal: Caelum Est Conterrens
Jordan
-Joshua Graham, Fallout: New Vegas
-Justin McElroy, MBMBAM (Episode 137: Tangentz)
-Justin McElroy, Twitter
-Kaveririvon’s dream, Tumblr
Kazakhstan
Kenya
-Killian Experience, Reddit
Kill me and live with the memory. Then tell the stars that you’ve won.
Kiribati
Korea North
Korea South
Kosovo
-Koth of the Hammer, Magic: The Gathering
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
-Lich, Adventure Time (Escape From The Citadel)
Liechtenstein
“Like the cheap kazoo you are.”
Lithuania
-Loaderbot, Tales From The Borderlands
Love is not a decision, it is a feeling. It would be much easier if we could choose whom we loved, but much less magical.
-lovelyirony, Tumblr
Love yourself to spite the world.
Luxembourg
-Lyra Heartstrings, Background Pony
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
-Megamind
-@meganamram, Twitter
-Megatron, Megatron Origin #04
-memesusofsuburbia, Tumblr
Men are props on the stage of life, and no matter how tender, how exquisite... A lie will remain a lie.
-Meowth, Pokemon: The First Movie
-merrypaws, Tumblr
-Mewtwo, Pokemon: The First Movie
Mexico
-Michelle Obama, one-time-i-dreamt
-Mickey Mouse, rulesofthirds comic
Micronesia
-Moist Von Lipwig, Discworld (Going Postal)
Moldova
-mollyjames, Tumblr
Monaco
Mongolia
-Monokuma, Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
-Mr Regular, Regular Car Reviews (1994 Dodge Viper Review)
-Mrs. Puff, Battle for Bikini Bottom
-Mr. Twig, South Park
-Mushroom, personsonable’s Tumblr post
Myanmar, {Burma}
My point is that, if death is certain anyway, what’s the harm in trying to live a little longer? At the very worst, you’ll still end up dead like you wanted, but at best, you might actually be happy.
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
-Nick Nolte, Collider Interview
Niger
Nigeria
Nigeria
-Nintendo Quit Screen Message
Nobody likes to change. There will always be resistance to change. And the quicker you get to that, the easier it is. It's not such a difficult thing. If you entrench yourself and go, 'by God, I will not change. I will not have this.’ Then, you’re a dead man. We're great at adaptability. It's our strongest suit.
No one will know the violence it took to become this gentle.
Norway
Not everything in life is perfect, but everything perfect is in life.
Nothing's set in stone, but set in a dirt road. If you roll your wagon in the same path too much it'll soon be the only path you can take without struggling.
Now, now, my good man, this is no time for making enemies.
-Obama, Kumagawa’s dream
-Obama, One-time-I-dreamt
-Obama, Spooky-Grimwhoire’s roleplay
-Obama, tealrezi’s dream
-Obama, twofingerswhiskey’s mother’s dream
-Ogre Resister Card, Magic: The Gathering
Oh I believe in God, alright. I just don't believe the bastard deserves to be worshipped.
Oman
- omnybus
One day you’ll decompose and I’ll be there to watch it happen.
One day, you will be face to face with whatever saw fit to let you exist in the universe, and you will have to justify the space you’ve filled.
-Owlman, Doomsday Clock
-Paarthurnax, The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
-Patrick Bovin, Two Best Friends Play Resident Evil 3: Nemesis
Pay a man enough, and he’ll walk barefoot into Hell.
-personsonable, Tumblr
Peru
Philippines
Pick a god and pray.
Poland
- Pongsifu, Youtube
Portugal
-Princess Luna, Written in Dust
Prolong this world's stasis or face the heart of its infection. I'd urge you to take that harder path, but what end may come, the decision rests with you.
-Protect_bidoof, Instagram
-pukicho, Tumblr
Qatar
-Raph Chestang, Collegehumor (A Computer Co-Wrote This Sketch)
-retroowl8, Tumblr
Romania
-Russel Hobbs, The Gorillaz
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
-sanctumofwaluigi, Tumblr
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
-SCP-1342, SCP-1342-2's Message
See, Sarah Lynn? We're not doomed. In the great, grand scheme of things, we're just tiny specks that will one day be forgotten. So it doesn't matter what we did in the past, or how we'll be remembered. The only thing that matters is right now, this moment, this one spectacular moment we are sharing together. Right, Sarah Lynn?
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
-Shadow the Hedgehog, Sonic ‘06
-Shahvee, The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim
Shame is our currency in the economy of degeneracy. If you wanna be weird you gotta pay for it by feeling bad.
-Shane Madej, HotDaga (Believe Me, Maizey)
-shitmygaywifesays’ wife to her cat
Sierra Leone
Singapore
- Sir Lora, Divinity Original Sin 2
-sketiana, Tumblr
Slovakia
Slovenia
-Soldier, Team Fortress 2
Solomon Islands
Somalia
Some humans- just as some [us]- are capable of unspeakable acts. But despite all the violence in your history, you have endured, built civilizations, constructed great wonders of technology to broaden your horizons and forge friendships across all manner of divides. I strongly believe that this is not some grand miracle... but merely your own deepest nature, struggling to express itself through the distrust and fear that thousands of years spent living on a harsh, unforgiving world have bred into you.
Sometimes life puts you in difficult circumstances you didn't choose, but being happy or unhappy is a choice you make, and I've chosen to make the best of things that I can.
Sometimes, Life’s a Bitch and then you keep living.
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
-Spillywolf, Tumblr
Sri Lanka
Stand in the ashes of a thousand dead souls and ask the ghosts if honor matters. Their silence is your answer.
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Stop expecting yourself to be immediately perfect at whatever you do. That’s what hard work was made for.
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
-Taliesin Jaffe, Critical Role
Tanzania
-Terezi Pyrope, Homestuck
-Terry Pratchet, Discworld (Going Postal)
Thailand
-The Ancestor, Darkest Dungeon
The anger in your heart warms you now, but will leave you cold in your grave.
The antidote to despair is action.
The bar was so low it was practically an tripping hazard in hell, yet here you are, limbo dancing with the devil
-The Lich, Adventure Time (Gold Stars)
The light inside me is broken, but I still work.
The man who sleeps with a machete is a fool every night but one.
-thempress, Tumblr
Then become the dirt I walk on.
Then Perish.
The penance you pay for the way you behave is written as plain as the name on this grave.
There can be no bravery, without madness.
There’s a certain nobility in lying in bed all day wishing things weren’t the way they are.
There’s no point in being grown up if you can’t act childish at times.
The sins of the ancient burn the souls of the ancestors.
The world should have protected you, but you have been asked to protect it. What an honor. What an injustice.
This mowortal vessel is owonly a shell of the howwors within.
-Thomas Hildern, Fallout: New Vegas
-Thomas Hobbes’ last words
Those who do not exist cannot suffer and are of no account to any viable ethics.
-Tim Kreider, I Know What You Think Of Me
-tips-and-tricks-for-writin, Tumblr
-Toa Matau, Bionicle 3: Web of Shadows
To become God is the loneliest achievement of ‘em all.
To feel sorrow is to deserve peace.
Togo
Tonga
Too many people have opinions on things they know nothing about. And the more ignorant they are, the more opinions they have.
To your battle stations, boys! It’s time to line up and see who’s tall enough for the roller coaster to hell! Some of us may not survive this, but the ones that do will get the ultimate reward.... paid.
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
-turing-tested, Tumblr
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
-u/bradorsomething, Reddit
Uganda
Ukraine
-u/Last_Jesus, Reddit
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
-Vending Machine
Venezuela
Vietnam
Violence for Violence is the rule of beasts.
-Voltaire’s last words, when asked by a priest to renounce Satan
-Vriska Serket, Homestuck
-Wanda, Bojack Horseman (Yes And…)
-Watcher, Fallout: Equestria: Project Horizons
We all make mistakes. That’s what happens when you’re brave enough to make decisions.
We both stared into the abyss, but when it looked back... you blinked.
We do have a lot in common. The same Earth, the same air, the same sky. Maybe if we started looking at what's the same instead of what's different... well who knows?
We might be in the history God abandoned.
-Wendigo, One-time-I-dreamt
What a bevy of misfits we are. Though I suppose it is best to fit badly in a world gone mad.
What brings me joy is… life. I think you can find joy anywhere, in life. I think it’s a conscious choice. I think you- you choose joy, in life. And no matter how bad things are, no matter how crummy, no matter how dark. You find joy. I find joy in whatever I do. I don’t always do things right, and I don’t always do things smart. But whatever I do, I find joy in it.
What can one do in the face of such monumental loss but breathe a weary sigh, for the world is a little quieter now.
What is another sin to me? I don’t want to play a game where I can’t see the score.
What is better- To be born good, or to overcome your evil nature through great effort?
What is Heaven but a place where your dreams can’t destroy you.
Whenever you look at another creator or an artist that you respect, you're only seeing what took them a long time of work and doubt to push through. You never see the struggle behind it. So you think you’re the only one struggling, when in fact, everyone goes through it.
When someone leaves your life those exits… are… not made equal. Some are beautiful, and poetic, and satisfying. Others are abrupt and unfair, but most are just unremarkable, unintentional, clumsy.
-Winnower, Destiny 2
Would you rather get a reward, or be happy?
Yemen
You are alone, child. There is only darkness for you, and only death for your people. These ancients are just the beginning. I will command a great and terrible army... and we will sail to a billion worlds. We will sail until every light has been extinguished. You are strong, child. But I am beyond strength.
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
You cannot condemn those who build your throne.
You can’t be nice to everyone because being nice to certain people is inherently cruel to others.
You can’t demand a service while simultaneously degrading those who provide it for you.
You could sooner divert a river from its course than deny my nature.
You do everything you can to make up for it, knowing that you’ll never succeed in getting rid of the guilt. You devote yourself to spending every second trying to do better despite the fact that it will never be enough. And you pray with every single good act you do that somehow, when your life is over, that you came close to making up for the wrong you committed.
You don't have to be alive to make yourself relevant, And you don't have to be a good person to be a hero. You just have to know who you are, and stay true to that. So I'm going to keep fighting for people the only way I ever knew how, By being me.
“You ever wonder if this is Heaven now? You ever wonder if we're all just there now and we don't know it?”
You have to ask yourself, Miss Kitty, would you rather be comforted by a lie or strengthened by the truth?
You kneel before my throne unaware it was built on lies.
You know, it's funny... when you look at someone through rose-colored glasses, all the red flags just look like flags.
“You played me!”
Your secrets are safe with my indifference.
You understand reality while everyone else is running around confused and angry and upset because they think reality is something happening to them rather than something they are making every moment with every thought.
You’ve got to make a statement. You’ve got to look inside yourself and say: 'what am I willing to put up with today?’
Zambia
Zimbabwe
